fix: set session.save_path accordingly while using redis (#248)
owncloud-docker/base: ENVIRONMENT.md

- `OWNCLOUD_SESSION_SAVE_HANDLER=files` \
  Sets PHP option `session.save_handler`.
- `OWNCLOUD_SESSION_SAVE_PATH=${OWNCLOUD_VOLUME_SESSIONS}` \

>   Sets the `session.save_path` PHP option. Only used if `OWNCLOUD_SESSION_SAVE_HANDLER=file` when `OWNCLOUD_SESSION_SAVE_HANDLER=file` it overwrites the value of `OWNCLOUD_SESSION_SAVE_PATH` with the Redis server address from `OWNCLOUD_REDIS_HOST` and `OWNCLOUD_REDIS_PORT`.

Reviewer: Sounds doubled. Possible solution:

```suggestion
  Sets the `session.save_path` PHP option. Only used if `OWNCLOUD_SESSION_SAVE_HANDLER=file` in this case it overwrites the value of `OWNCLOUD_SESSION_SAVE_PATH` with the Redis server address from `OWNCLOUD_REDIS_HOST` and `OWNCLOUD_REDIS_PORT`.
```

Author: Copy paste issue.
